README.md, before:

## What is this project?

The idea of this code is to:
1. Capture Raspberry Pi thermal data
2. Capture Internet download speed, upload speed, and ping latency
3. Visualize the data within Grafana backed by InfluxDB

### Grafana Provisioning
#### InfluxDB Data Source
I automated the Grafana InfluxDB data source. It is using the Flux query language. I'm not a big fan of that query language but the original project was using it so I just went along with it.

#### Dashboards
I have the dashboard from [this image](img/speed_and_temp_dashboard.png) in source control and it will automatically be created and linked to the data source above.

### Docker Service Management
```bash
docker compose build  # build images
docker compose up     # start containers (use -d to detatch from the terminal)
docker compose down   # stop containers (you can just control-c if still attached)
```

### Included Grafana Dashboards
<img src="img/speed_and_temp_dashboard.png" width="500px">
<img src="img/Screenshot 2025-01-10 211412.png" width="500px">
### Credits
This repository is a fork of https://github.com/akarazeev/temp-monitor

Commit message:

added a new post_init_changes.sql file to help promote unknown hosts to known

README.md, after:

## What is this project?

The idea of this code is to:
1. Capture Raspberry Pi thermal data
2. Capture Internet download speed, upload speed, and ping latency
3. Visualize the data within Grafana backed by InfluxDB

### Grafana Provisioning
#### InfluxDB Data Source
I automated the Grafana InfluxDB data source. It is using the Flux query language. I'm not a big fan of that query language but the original project was using it so I just went along with it.

#### Dashboards
I have the dashboard from [this image](img/speed_and_temp_dashboard.png) in source control and it will automatically be created and linked to the data source above.

### Docker Service Management
```bash
docker compose build  # build images
docker compose up     # start containers (use -d to detatch from the terminal)
docker compose down   # stop containers (you can just control-c if still attached)
```

#### How do I 'promote' unknown hosts to known hosts?
1. Add the new `INSERT` statements into the `init.sql` file. Then delete the postgres volume. Then restart 
2. Add some UPSERT commands to the `post_init_changes.sql` file and then run:  
```
docker exec -it psql -U admin -d networkdb -f docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/post_init_changes.sql
```

### Included Grafana Dashboards
<img src="img/speed_and_temp_dashboard.png" width="500px">
<img src="img/Screenshot 2025-01-10 211412.png" width="500px">
### Credits
This repository is a fork of https://github.com/akarazeev/temp-monitor
